= MDme

The *MDme* app is currently setup to run on <b>rails 4.1.1</b> powered by
<b>Ruby 2.1.1</b>  Before running for the first time two files must be created
* <tt>config/email_config.rb </tt>
* <tt>config/api_keys.rb </tt>
* <tt>config/encryption_keys.yml</tt>

Tese files have examples included such as
<tt>email_config_example.rb</tt>. The contents of these files can be copied entirely to get the app running, but you
will need the proper API keys if you are planning to send emails,
use google services, etc.

== Dependencies
Development and test environemnts use *sqlite3* and require a copy installed on
the host machine.  Production currently is run on Heroku and uses postgreSQL.
You should not need to install postgreSQL to get things running locally.

If using any image uploading features of MDme it is required that *ImageMagick*
is installed to allow for modifying/resizing the raw image uploaded.
ImageMagick can be found here http://www.imagemagick.org

Because this app runs on multiple subdomains it cannot be accessed simply by
127.0.0.1  The routes are bound to www, admin, or doctors subdomains; in
production a blank subdomain reroutes to www.  Therefore you will need to edit
your host file to include a domain with those subdomains pointing at
<tt>127.0.0.1:3000</tt> in order to access the development server.

== Database setup
The database schema should be ready after running <tt>rake db:migrate</tt>
To load sample data, you can run <tt>rake db:populate</tt>.  Running
<tt>rake db:populate_appointments</tt> will add additional appointments spanning
the next 3 days.
You may want to comment out the line in config/environments/development.rb
<tt>config.action_mailer.delivery_method = :letter_opener</tt>
before running <tt>rake db:populate</tt> to prevent a confirmation email page
opening for each user created.

== Testing
The MDme repo has an extensive <b>rspec 2.x</b> testing suite.  In order to test
the site across multiple subdomains (www, admin, and doctors) it uses
mdme.tk:7171 as a test host url.  You will likely have to add this domain to
your host file, as well as www.mdme.tk admin.mdme.tk and doctors.mdme.tk to
point at 127.0.0.1
If you run the test suite after cloning and something fails please contact Matt
Hamada (mailto:ermacaz@gmail.com).  I only have one development machine so
things may break on other machines/environments.

== Committing
Please fork a new branch off of master to make modifications/additions.  Make
sure all additions are covered with rspec tests.  Submit a pull request for your
branch.  Once I check it out and it all looks good I will merge to master.

== Deploying
The production app is currently hosted on heroku.  There is a specific branch,
production that is used for pushing.  This branch is not kept on github since it
has sensitive info.  Commits should rarely be made to production; rather you
should merge master to production when ready to deploy. The main exception is
when adding sensitive info like api keys, or embed full Urls to mdme.us. When
deploying to production use <tt> git push heroku production:master </tt>